
OPTION TO PURCHASE
To:
Thomas Cook
NRIC S5858584E & Samuvel Tali NRIC: S7000700F
(hereinafter called \"the Purchaser\")
Re: Property known as
12 Little india, 22-706 504421
IN
CONSIDERATION of the sum of Singapore Dollars One Hundred Nineteen Thousand and
Five Hundred only (POSB cheque number: 745258 dated 03/09/22) ($$119,500/-) (hereinafter
called \"the option money\") received by
Jagdish Surash Selwan
NRIC
G999333T (hereinafter called \"the Vendor\") from the Purchaser this day by way of option
money, the Vendor hereby grants the Purchaser this Option to Purchase the above-described
property (hereinafter called \"the property\") upon the terms set out below. This Option shall be
exercised between 12/11/2024 to 12/02/2025 (hereinafter called \"the expiry date\") and will be
null' and void if not exercised in the manner within the expiry date stipulated herein. This Option
shall be exercised by the Purchaser by signing at the portion of this Option marked
\"ACCEPTANCE COPY\" and delivering the same duly signed to the Vendor's solicitors M/s
Maximus Law L/C
of
133 New Bridge Road # 12-09 Chinatown Point Singapore 059413
Attn: Patrick Koh
and make payment of Singapore Dollars: One Only
(S$ 1/- ) which together with the Option money shall constitute the \"Deposit\" for the purchase.
The said payment of Singapore Dollars One Only (S$1/-) shall be in favour of
Maximus Law LIC
- CVY by cheque to be held
by the Vendor's solicitors as stakeholder pending completion. The option money shall be forfeited
by the Vendor in the event this Option is not exercised in the manner on or before. the expiry date
stipulated herein. This Option and the Acceptance Copy signed by the Purchaser shall constitute
a binding contract of the sale and purchase of the property. The option money shall form part of
the purchase price paid upon proper exercise of this Option in the manner stipulated herein.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. The sale price shall be Singapore Dollars: Two Million Three Hundred and Ninety
Thousand Only ($$ 2,209,000
2. This sale and purchase is subject to the Singapore Law Society's Conditions of Sale
2012 (the \"Conditions\") in so far as the Conditions and the terms and conditions of
this Agreement are not contrary to or in conflict with the following:
(a) Conveyancing & Law of Property (Conveyancing) Rules 2011 as promulgated
under the Conveyancing & Law of Property Act (\"Conveyancing Rules\"); and
(b) Singapore Academy of Law (Conveyancing Money) Rules 2011 as
promulgated under the Singapore Academy of Law Act (Cap 294A) (\"SAL
(Conveyancing Money) Rules\") (if applicable).
1
3. Where the terms and conditions of this Agreement are in conflict with the Conditions
the former shall prevail.
4.
The title shall be in order and be properly deduced.
5.
The Purchaser shall not require the delivery or production of any deeds or documents
not in the possession of the Vendor nor shall the Purchaser make any requisition or
objection in respect thereof.
6. The property is sold with vacant possession. The sale herein includes the fixtures and
fittings therein.
7.
The property is sold subject to such restrictive and other covenants and conditions, party
wall rights and other easements and reservations (if any) affecting the same but
otherwise free from encumbrances.
8.
This sale shall be completed Three (3) months from the date of exercise of
this Option (\"Scheduled Date of Completion\") at the Vendor's Solicitors' office or
at such other place as the Vendor's Solicitors may on or before the Completion Date
specify.
9. The property is sold on an \"as is, where is\" basis and the Purchaser shall be deemed
to have full notice of the actual state and condition of the property in all respects and shall
not be entitled to raise any objection or requisition whatsoever in respect thereof.
Condition 10.1 of the Singapore Law Society's Conditions of Sale 2012 shall not
apply to this Agreement.
10. The Purchaser shall be deemed to have inspected the said property and be satisfied as
to the condition thereof and no warranty or representation on the part of the Vendor is
given or to be implied as to the state and quality of the fitness of anything whatsoever.
11. The sale and purchase herein shall be subject to the Purchaser's solicitors receiving
satisfactory replies to their legal requisitions and applications for Interpretation Plans to
the various. Government Departments and Mass Rapid Transit Corporation (MRTC)
insofar as such replies/Interpretation Plans relate to the property and any of such replies
and/or Interpretation Plans are found to be unsatisfactory then this Agreement may be
rescinded at the Purchaser's option and in such event the Vendor shall forthwith refund
to the Purchaser all monies paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor or the Vendor's solicitors
but without any interest, compensation or deductions whatsoever and thereupon neither
party shall then have any claim or demand against the other for costs, damages,
compensation or otherwise. PROVIDED ALWAYS that:
(a) the answers from the Property Tax Department, Environmental Health, Public Works
and Sewerage Departments and Building Control Division shall not be deemed
unsatisfactory unless the same disclose that the property is affected by any notice or
order which has not been complied with and which is incapable of being complied
with by the Vendor on or before completion;
(b)
any Category 5 proposals or lines (whether actual or proposed) affecting the property
shall not be construed as unsatisfactory;
(c)
any road or drainage line or proposal, which is to be implemented only if there is any
redevelopment of the property, shall be deemed satisfactory;
(d) any reply to legal requisitions not received by the date fixed for completion shall be
deemed satisfactory.
2
12. The Vendor has no notice or knowledge that the Government or any Local Authority
has any immediate intention of acquiring the Property or any part thereof but if
before the Scheduled Date of Completion the Government or any Local Authority
shall give notice of intended acquisition or notice to acquire the Property or any part
thereof then and in such an event the sale and purchase herein shall be deemed
wholly cancelled and abortive and this Contract shall be rescinded and become null
and void and of no further effect whatsoever save for the refund hereinafter
provided. The Vendor shall forthwith refund to the Purchaser all moneys paid but
without any interest compensation or deductions whatsoever. Each party hereto
shall bear his own costs in the matter and neither party hereto shall have any claim
or demand against the other for damages, costs or otherwise whatsoever.
13. In the event that the Property is partially or wholly destroyed by fire before the
Scheduled Date of Completion the Purchaser shall have the option by giving seven
(7) days notice to cancel the sale and purchase herein and this Contract shall be
rescinded and become null and void and of no further effect whatsoever on expiry
of such notice save for the refund hereinafter provided. The Vendor shall forthwith
refund to the Purchaser all moneys paid by the Purchaser without any interest
compensation or deductions whatsoever. Each party shall bear his own costs in
the matter and neither party hereto shall have any claim or demand against the
other for damages, costs or otherwise whatsoever.
14. If the cheque in payment of the Option Money or the Deposit is not honoured on first
presentation, the Vendor shall be entitled to affirm the sale of the Property, or to rescind
the sale in which event the sum equivalent to the Option Money or the Deposit, as the
case may be, shall remain a debt due from the Purchaser to the Vendor.
15. A person who is not a party to this Contract may not enforce any of its terms under The
Contracts (Right of Third Parties) Act 2001.
16. The Vendor hereby confirms that the Vendor's solicitors above-mentioned have been
appointed as the Vendor's agents for the collection of the balance of the sale price and
any other monies due under this Agreement. The Vendor acknowledges that payment to
any mortgage or charge of the said property and payment to the Vendor's solicitors or
payment as directed by the Vendor's solicitors shall constitute a full discharge of the
payment obligations of the Purchaser to the Vendor.
17. Notwithstanding the completion of the sale and purchase of the property, the terms and
conditions of this agreement shall remain in full force and effect insofar as the same are
not fulfilled and shall not merge in the assurance of the property to the Purchaser or upon
the registration of such assurance.
18. In this Agreement where the context so admits:-
(a) The expression \"the Vendor\" includes the personal representatives of and/or the persons
deriving title under the Vendor. Where the expression \"the Vendor\" describes more than
one person, all covenants, terms, conditions and undertakings made by such persons
are made jointly and severally;
(b) The expression \"the Purchaser\" includes the personal representatives of and/or the
persons deriving title under the Purchaser Where the expression \"the Purchaser\"
describes more than one person, all covenants, terms, conditions and undertakings
made by such persons are made jointly and severally.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Vendor has hereunto set their hands this 3rd day of September
